Create officially supported OSs and devices document (#3824)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/WasabiCompatibility.md

# Abstract

> This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi makes tests on those systems and put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break user-space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we will not give any support for them. There are a lot of potentially supported systems out there and more to come we have to focus our priorities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi makes tests on those systems and put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break user-space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we will not give any support for them. There are a lot of potentially supported systems out there and more to come, but we can only promise support and stability on platforms that our dependencies support, too.
```

# Abstract

> This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi makes tests on those systems and put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break the user space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we not give support for them. There are a lot of systems out there and more to come we have to focus our priorities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi makes tests on those systems and put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break user-space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we will not give any support for them. There are a lot of potentially supported systems out there and more to come we have to focus our priorities.
```

> # Officially Supported Operating systems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Officially Supported Operating Systems
```

- Windows 10
- macOs 10.13+
- Ubuntu 16.04+
- Fedora 30+
- Debian 9+
- CentOS 7+

# Officially Supported Hardware wallets

- ColdCard MK1
- ColdCard MK2
- ColdCard MK3

> - Ledger Nano S

Reviewer 2: should we add trezor here?

Author: I will add it to the FAQ

Reviewer: We'll add Trezor to the FAQ section. Also Whonix+Tails.

# Abstract

> This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi makes tests on those systems and put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break user-space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we will not give any support for them. There are a lot of potentially supported systems out there and more to come, but we can only promise support and stability on platforms that our dependencies support, too.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This document lists all the officially supported software and devices by Wasabi Wallet. This means that Wasabi is tested on those systems and we put all the efforts to make it work and maintain compatibility. One of our main goals is to not break the user-space so we have to set up boundaries that we can responsibly maintain. This does not necessarily mean that systems that are not listed will not work - they might work but we do not officially support them. There are a lot of potentially supported systems out there and more to come, but we can only promise support and stability on platforms that our dependencies support, too.
```

Reviewer 4: Yes, I agree with this suggestion.

# Officially Supported Operating Systems

- Windows 10
- macOs 10.13+
- Ubuntu 16.04+
- Fedora 30+
- Debian 9+

# Officially Supported Hardware wallets

- ColdCard MK1
- ColdCard MK2
- ColdCard MK3
- Ledger Nano S

# Officially Supported Architectures

- x64

# FAQ

## What are the bottlenecks of officially supporting Operating Systems?

Wasabi dependencies are:
- .NET Core [reqs](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/release-notes/3.1/3.1-supported-os.md).
- Avalonia [reqs](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/wiki/Runtime-Requirements).
- NBitcoin dependencies and requirements are the same as .NET Core.

> - Bitcoin Knots (same requirement as Bitcoin Core) [reqs](https://bitcoin.org/en/bitcoin-core/features/requirements#system-requirements).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Bitcoin Knots (same requirements as Bitcoin Core) [reqs](https://bitcoin.org/en/bitcoin-core/features/requirements#system-requirements).
```

> ## What are the bottlenecks of officially supporting Hardware Wallets

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What are the bottlenecks of officially supporting Hardware Wallets?
```

Wasabi dependencies are:

> - [HWI](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI), check the [device support](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI#device-support) list there. Some hardware wallets supported by HWI still not compatible with the Wallet because they implemented custom workflows.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [HWI](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI), check the [device support](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI#device-support) list there. Some hardware wallets supported by HWI are still not compatible with the Wallet because they implemented custom workflows.
```

## What about Whonix and Tails?

> Whonix and Tails are privacy-oriented OSs so it makes sense to use them with Wasabi Wallet. At the moment Wasabi is working properly on these platforms but our dependencies do not officially support them, we are not able to make promises regarding future stability. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whonix and Tails are privacy-oriented OSs so it makes sense to use them with Wasabi Wallet. At the moment Wasabi is working properly on these platforms but our dependencies do not officially support them, so we cannot make promises regarding future stability.
```

## What about Trezor?

> Trezor One and Trezor T are popular hardware wallets Wasabi officially supported in the past. However, from 2020 April to 2020 June Trezor's new firmware releases introduced 3 backward-incompatible changes, which made us reassess our official support for the hardware wallet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Trezor One and Trezor T are popular hardware wallets that Wasabi officially supported in the past. However, from April 2020 to June 2020 Trezor's new firmware releases introduced 3 backward-incompatible changes, which made us reassess our official support for the hardware wallet.
```
